Home
    Overview
        Our project consists of a thorough analysis of the Grimm Fairy Tales in order to find connections between the "good" vs. the "evil" mother-figure. In order to do this,
        we characterized and tagged all women mentioned, tagged all actions,and tagged all dialogue. Our main goals were to investigate and answer these questions:
        1) What types of women figures are represented and what defines them 
        2) find differences between the "good" vs the "evil" mother-figure 
        3) Does the English version accurately translate the 1812 German text? 
        4) If there are differences, what are they?
        Our analysis of the ten different German and the translated English Tales allowed us to answer some of these questions and to pose a few more.
        
    About the Developers
        Regis Curtis (Project Coordinator/Developer) is triple majoring in German, French, and West European Studies. He joined this class to "STEMify" his humanities education. His favorite Grimms' Fairy Tale is 
        "Cinderella" because he loves the Disney dichotomy. 
       
        Darian McGinnis (Project Developer) is a Computer Science Major. She joined this class because she wanted to expand her computer science skills. Her favorite Grimms' Fairy Tale is "Little Red Cap" 
        beause of it's wholesome ending.
       
        Victoria Costa (Project Developer) is a non-traditional student majoring in English Literature and minoring in Film Studies. She took this class because she thought it might be a good elective for 
        someone potientially studying Library Science in gard school. Her favorite Grimms' Fairy Tale is "Little Snow White", if only because the Disney version inspired a great Miles Davis record. 
        
        Alexis Moffa (Project Developer) is an Architectural Studies major. She joined this class to expand her technological skills and learn applications of this in the real world. Her favorite Grimms' Fairy Tale
        is "Hansel and Gretel", for it holds a special place in her heart as she once played Hansel in a play.
        
        Marion Riley (TA) is a Linguistics and Religious Studies major. Her favorite thing about being a TA for this course is helping students problem solve their code and getting that
        "aha!" moment when something works! Her favorite Grimms' Fairy Tale is "Snow White and Rose Red".
        
        
About
    The Grimm's Fairy Tales were published in 1812 contained 86 tales, which were to pay tribute to the German culture. The goal for these stories was not for them to become bedtime stories. 
    During the early 1800s, the Napoleonic Wars inspired them to write and share these stores to display and preserve their heritage of their country. 
    
    The Grimm Brothers, Jacob (1785-1863) and Wilhem (1786-1859)Grimm were born into a fairly wealthy family, until their father died in 1796 their father died. After this, they were forced 
    to pave their own path. The brothers attended the University of Marburg and were to study law and continue their civic duty, like their father, but their love for language and country
    overtook their interests. 
    
    The tales have since been translated from German to English. The German Tales that have been explored are the orginial 1812 versions, and the equivalent English Tales that are explored are from 
    D. L. Ashliman, which were translated from 1998-2020. 
    
    The scope of this project is to compare the original German Tales to the translated English version. We are focusing on the female characters to determine these comparisons. A major distinction between these versions
    is the difference in time period. This leads us to answer questions, such as how are women portrayed differently, if they are? Our analysis of these tales have lead us to better understand how time and culture 
    is a factor in these versions of the Grimms' Fairy Tales. 
 
Methodology 
    In order to analyze our text, we created a Relax NG schema to define the elements and attributes of our XML. These elements and attributes were created to have the ability to markup the Ashliman translations and 
    the original German Tales. 
Corpus
    
Analysis

Conclusion
 